Hello Everyone!
This is Mr. Brain Junkie Here, and Today we'll
be talking about an action fantasy film called
the tales of Wukong, be ready for some spoilers
ahead!
A long time ago, There's a machine in the
heavens called the destiny Astrolabe, that
is capable of controlling the fates of mortals.
When the goddess Nwa saved the world by sealing
the sky with a sacred stone, a Giant was also
born from it's remainders.
The monster refused to accept his fate, and
fought against the heavens in order to destroy
the destiny astrolabe.
The celestial armies were able to defeat the
giant and scatter his body across the land,
where eventually it became the flower mountain
and the heart stone gave life to the monkey demon.
However, the Destiny Astrolabe summons a series
of disasters that left the flower mountain
in ruins, and the monkey demon swears to take
vengeance on the heavens.
The main character WuKong arrives at the immortal's
academy, where the head master will select
individuals worthy of entering the heaven
and becoming immortal.
Instead of attending the ceremony, he steals
food from the kitchen, which causes the captain
of the guards to not receives his food
from the server.
The man bullies the girl and escalates the
situation to where he attacks her with his
weapon, but luckily, a recent graduate, Juanlian,
protects her from the devastating hit.
This only makes the soldier angrier, and Juanlian
gets knocked across the room.
However, the captain gets kicked by another
Deity named AhZi, and she embarrasses him
in front of the crowd.
The man becomes furious and sends the guards
to attack the girl, but they are quickly tossed
aside by Wukong, who grabs onto the captain
and kicks him through the tables.
Numerous guards arrive into the room and surrounds
Wukong, but he summons his weapon from his
ear, which turns into a staff that's made
from lava.
The soldiers charge at the man, but he summons
the flames from the weapon, which causes a
huge explosion that sends the enemies flying
backwards.
General Hua of the celestial army is notified
of the fight in the ceremony, and sends her
right hand man Tien to resolve the situation.
Wukong looks at the soldiers lying on the
floor and smirks in satisfaction, but quickly
senses the incoming danger as Tien flys in
to attack him with numerous daggers.
Wukong is able to counter the strikes, but
the numerous blades make it difficult for
him to land any direct hit.
The blade master sends numerous daggers towards
Wukong that turns into a giant tornado, surrounding
him in a twister of blades.
After being cornered with no way out, Wukong
slams the staff onto the floor, and it begins
growing to an incredible size that eventually
hits the ceiling.
He kicks the massive weapon as it drops towards
Tien, breaking open the flying blades.
The blade master dodges the attack, but Wukong
grabs the staff and hurls it at the opponent,
Forcing Tien to leap into the air.
AhZi tells them to stop, but WUkong is unable
to withdraw his attack that's heading her way.
The weapon slams into the girl, but she appears
to have stopped it with one finger.
However, it turns out that another man stopped
the attack using one hand while trying to
protect the girl, and he calls himself Erlang.
The man reveals his right arm that's imbued
with godly powers and punches the giant staff
towards Wukong, which breaks the weapon as
it flys backwards.
Wukong retracts the staff and leaps into the
air, planning to destroy his opponent with
a final attack,
but Erlang charges towards the man and proceeds
to land a devastating punch that throws the
main character into the walls, knocking him
out in the process.
The guards are able to capture Wukong and
lock him into the cells, while the head master
apologizes profusely towards General Hua for
the incident.
AhZi arrives as well and begins complaining
about why his friend Erlang was also imprisoned
alongside Wukong, since all he did was stop
the fight.
The general explains that Erlang disobeyed
her orders by fighting, when she only commanded
Tien to resolve the situation.
It turns out that AhZi is the daughter of
the general, but their relationship is clearly
strained as the girl dislikes her mother's
habit of imposing her will onto everyone.
At the same time, the two men are locked into
the same prison, and Wukong complains about
how their previous fight was unfair since
it was two on one.
He demands to fight Erlang again, but when
the man refuses, Wukong begins insulting Erlang's
mother who was punished by the general for
loving a mortal.
This infuriates the man, and just before they
start fighting again, the general arrives
to the prison accompanied by Tien.
She unchains Erlang and tells him to wait
for her in the council, while Wukong continues
to complain about why his rival was set free.
The general takes out the crown of binding
and puts it on the head of the prisoner.
She begins chanting and the crown shrinks,
causing immense pain to Wukong as he screams
on the floor, eventually fainting to the pressure.
She give her daughter the scepter capable
of controlling the crown and tells AhZi to
keep the man under supervision at all times.
Wukong begins dreaming about his past, and
it turns out that he was the demon monkey
created by the heart stone.
A deity took pity on him and saved him from
dying, but also sealing his powers inside
the human form in order to save him from the
wrath of gods.
At the same time, General Hua lectures Erlang
about his unwillingness to let go of human
emotions, which prevents him from opening
his third eye that would grant him immense powers
She tells him to forget about his mother and
Ahzi, so that he may become a true deity.
Wukong wakes up finding himself with Ahzi,
and swears that he'll regain freedom by removing
the bindings.
He screams at her in anger, but when Azhi
takes out the scepter, Wukong quickly bows
down to the girl, trying to avoid the pain
that he experienced before.
He goes to a seminar where the headmaster
is showing the students how the heaven works.
They cross the bridge that separates the realm
from the mortals, which the man claims would
take away their powers once they fall into
the waters.
The room eventually leads to the Destiny Astrolabe,
where all mortal affairs are controlled by
the machine.
General Hua begins lecturing the crowd abut
the history of the heaven, and purposely speaks
about the annihilation of flower mountain
in order to test Wukong's true objective for
being here.
the monkey demon becomes furious at hearing
the woman's compassionless rant, but before
he can do anything hasty, AhZi interrupt her
mother and publicly disagrees with her ideals.
She argues that heaven is supposed to represent
justice, and questions how destroying someone's
home can represent such ideal?
The general states that everything is done
according to the Destiny Astrolabe, which
is the ultimate justice.
After purposely enraging the monkey demon,
general Hua confirms that the demon who attacked
the heavens before still lives on inside Wukong,
and orders Tien to retrieve the heart stone
by killing him.
Wukong manages to trick Juanlian and knocks
him out while taking his key that opens the
gates to the councils.
He jumps on the bridge of destiny, planning
to destroy the astrolabe, freeing all the
mortals from their predestined fates, but
Erlang stops him from his attacks and warns
him about breaking the laws
the man takes out his sword and charges at
the monkey demon, stabbing the the staff and
freezing it's fire elements.
He throws Wukong on the floor, and continues
to strike him with a fury of slashes, but
the demon manages to dodge all the attacks.
Their fight begins to damage the bridge itself
which causes a storm to arise.
AhZi realizes that something is wrong, when
she finds Juanlian unconscious in the kitchen
with the keys missing.
Tien joins the fight against Wukong at the
order of the general, and the two begins attacking
the demon together with multiple strikes and
overpowers Wukong with their combined efforts.
AhZi arrives at the bridge with Juanlian,
and tries to tell them to stop, but Wukong
strikes the floor and enlarges the staff after
being cornered, which destroys the structure completely.
The group falls from the sky alongside the
giant weapon and crashes into the land of the mortals
The group survives the fall, and questions
their location, but Tien realizes that they
have landed on what used to be the flower
mountain.
The three man continues to fight each other,
but soon realizes that their powers are gone
after entering through the bridge of destiny.
Their fights are cut short when a large cloud
begins to form on top of the village, and
the villagers rush into the building in fear
of the demon that is about to wreak havoc
on the town.
The cloud monster begins taking the people
as it steals the water from the humans.
Tien sees a child outside and to his surprise,
a woman runs to protect the boy from danger
He rushes to save them and carries them inside,
but gets held on by the cloud demon and pulled
towards the center.
Before the man can be completely consumed,
Wukong grabs onto him alongside with everyone else.
Ahzi shoots the cloud demon with an ice arrow
that Juanlian invented, freezing the monster
and forcing it to retreat.
The next morning, Wukong wakes up and realizes
that he's tied up by AhZi in order to prevent
further fighting amongst the group.
She tells Wukong and Erlang that they have
to help the villagers, as the people have
suffered a great deal and thinks that they
are deities sent from heaven.
The two refuses at first, but after seeing
the misfortunes that the villagers are suffering
from with their own eyes, they decide to capture
the cloud demon and save the people together.
Tien explains that the cloud used to be from
the heavens, but wondered off and became corrupted
by the demonic auras from the ruins.
It took all the water from the village, therefore
causing drought and preventing any crops to grow.
They plan to trick the monster and capture
it by projecting a sunset, and weaken it by
firing ice bombs in a large cannon.
The people put up all the red cloth that they
have in a pattern, and soon the sky begins
turning black as the demon appears over the
village.
They began shooting ice arrows at the sky,
but that only manages to annoy the monster
as it retreats temporarily.
Tien grabs the torch and throws it under the
field of red cloth, creating the illusion
of a sunset which triggers the monster as
it begins revealing it's true form.
The demon approaches closer, and Wukong takes
this opportunity to load up the cannon and
fires directly at the demon's face.
The monster freezes quickly and falls towards
the city where Tien capture it by trapping
it within a cage.
The people begin cheering as the sky finally
rains after years of drought.
At night, the villagers gather together as
they celebrate the victory against the demon,
but Juanlian feels something wrong as ice
particles began forming in the air.
He notices a mysterious figure in the background,
who appears in front of the people with dark
aura surrounding his body.
The man attacks Juanlian and sends him crashing
into a building, while the people panic and
run for shelter.
The man follows the villagers inside and begins
creating ice weapons from the air, which he
unleashes at the people.
More assassins arrive in front of Tien as
he tries to run away, but gets stabbed by
the numerous ice shards across his body.
Wukong notices something wrong in the air
and runs towards the town center, but when
they arrive inside the building, they see
that all the people are killed.
Erlang arrives as well, and is shocked at
what happened.
They look at Juanlian who's barely alive,
and he apologizes for not being able to save
the villagers before he dies.
Numerous assassins arrive outside the building,
and Wukong charges at them in fury, trying
to avenges his friends.
The men fires at the monkey demon as he gets
impaled by numerous ice bullets and falls
to the ground.
The general appears and tells them that their
efforts are useless in the face of destiny,
as the astrolabe has decided a long time ago
that the people were meant to die.
She tells them to surrender their hopes because
everything is predestined.
Wukong screams in rage as the the general
knocks him out with a final attack.
AhZi wakes up in a prison cell along with
Erlang, who's accepted the rulings of the heaven.
He tells her that they were wrong for disobeying
destiny and trying to save the people.
Wukong is imprisoned in the deepest level
where he's constantly suffering from the worst
pain imaginable, but refusing to die as he
waits for AhZi's return.
The girl goes to the monkey demon and Wukong
smiles after seeing her arrival.
Trying to end her friend's suffering, AhZi
tells him that she despises him and that he lost everything.
The flower mountain will never return and
they cannot win against destiny.
Feeling heartbroken and hopeless, Wukong finally
gives up on life and slowly turns into dust,
while leaving behind the heart stone and the
scarf that he carries.
AhZi promises that she'll finish her friend's
mission as she drops the scarf into the flower
mountain where it lands inside the village.
Erlang brings the heart stone to the general,
and after abandoning all emotions, he opens
the third eye on his forehead and receives
tremendous power.
The elder Deity picks up the scarf that was
dropped from heaven, and talks with the monkey
demon in purgatory.
The main character thinks that he lost everything,
but the old man disagrees.
Although Wukong has lost the heart stone,
it also allowed him to abandon his mortal body.
He must now decide whether if he wants to
accept destiny or fight against it with his own heart.
Wukong begins lifting the giant staff symbolizing
his power, and resurrecting it into flames.
The massive weapon breaks the ground and rises
into the air as the buildings collapse around it.
the monkey demon emerges from the dust, and
takes on his true form as the staff unveils
itself from its outer shells.
He unleashes the demon cloud that he captured
as it flys towards him, carrying the monkey
demon into the air as they charge towards
the gods.
Wukong lands outside of the kingdom, as he
looks upon the deities.
He crashes into the building, causing a large
explosion that destroys all the guards in
one shot and throws the captain to the floor.
He declares himself equal to the heavens and
stares directly at the celestial warriors.
The demon throws the staff at the soldiers
and begins attacking them like a wild beast,
ripping them apart one by one as he avenges
the people that they killed in the village.
At the same time, AhZi betrays her mother
as she refuses to accept the tyranny and strike
at the destiny astrolabe, trying to break
it permanently.
Tien arrives beside Wukong as well after surviving
the attacks, and they begin destroying the
armies with their combined efforts.
Before long, the soldiers are quickly defeated
as they are turned into dust.
The general stops her daughter from sabotaging
the machine as she grabs her neck and slams
her in the chest, knocking her into the air
with tremendous force.
Wukong rushes into the room and catches the
woman, as Tien prepares to fight the general
to the death.
He throws multiple blades at the opponent,
but she blocks them easily with the metals
that she use as shields.
The general then throws the man's blades back
at him and knocks him towards the wall, turning
him into dust as he vanishes from this world.
Wukong sees AhZi mortally wounded and tries
to comfort her, but she tells him to not be
sad, only wishing that they had more time
together.
The two share a last kiss and Ahzi begins
disappearing into nothingness as Wukong gently
lays her own the floor.
The monkey demon takes Ahzi's crown while
he cries and wraps the metal onto his weapon.
He walks towards the general and plans to
avenge all the people that she killed.
The woman constructs a metallic wall around
herself, but Wukong strikes it repeatedly
with anger and eventually manages to overpower
her magic.
The general is forced to teleport them outside
and begins attacking wukong with numerous
blades that she created, but the demon deflects
all of them easily and breaks them into pieces.
Suddenly, Wukong notices that Erlang has arrived,
and gets knocked away by his attack.
The man no longer feels any emotions and has
chosen to abandoned the memories of his friends.
The two charges at each other and fights furiously
as they trade blows, but Erlang gains the
upper hand and pushes Wukong backwards.
He summons a gigantic ice weapon that strikes
Wukong, pushing him towards the mountains
and crashing into the rocks.
The Demon counters by launching his weapon
as well, but Erlang stops it and breaks the
staff pieces by piece, until he stabs Wukong
in the stomach.
The Monkey throws away their weapons and the
two proceeds to punch each other with all
their might, which causes a huge explosion
that engulfs the entire area.
When the dust settles, General Hua walks towards
Erlang, but notices something wrong.
The man begins recalling his memories after
striking Wukong and sensing Ahzi's presence
in the demon's heart.
He cries as he realizes her death and opens
his eyes, refusing to let go of Ahzi's memories
and be treated as a puppet for the general's
control.
Seeing that Erlang has betrayed her will,
The general decides to vanquish both of them
by transfroming into a gigantic titan using
the metals around her.
Wukong recovers from the ground and summons
a ball of flames that turns into his weapon.
He throws the staff at the giant and leaps
onto the weapon as it becomes larger.
He charges towards the general, as the weapon
flys closer to the titan.
Erlang begins running as well and leaps onto
the floating rocks, getting closer towards
the enemy.
He leaps towards the center of the giant and
prepares his final attack, while Wukong jumps
under the giant staff and swings it at the
titan.
Erlang punches through the center of the giant
as Wukong lands a direct hit on the head.
The giant staff breaks the general in half
as it cuts through her body and turning her
into dust.
The two lands back into the building after
finally destroying the general and the machine
of destiny.
Erlang tells Wukong that Ahzi saved him this
time, but the next time they meet will be
a battle to the death.
Wukong turns around and accepts the challenge,
as the two go their separate ways.
Erlang will become the new general of the
celestial army, while Wukong will gather all
those unwilling to accept their fates, and
wage a war against the deities that will last
hundreds of years.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below! and if
you like my video, please press like and subscribe
for more!
I'll see you guys next time!